Reorganize README, add dedicated install guides, include policies and governance info for the github server (#695)
github/github-mcp-server: docs/installation-guides/install-windsurf.md

# Install GitHub MCP Server in Windsurf

## Prerequisites
1. Windsurf IDE installed (latest version)
2. [GitHub Personal Access Token](https://github.com/settings/personal-access-tokens/new) with appropriate scopes
3. For local installation: [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) installed and running

## Remote Server Setup (Recommended)

The remote GitHub MCP server is hosted by GitHub at `https://api.githubcopilot.com/mcp/` and supports both HTTP and SSE protocols. Windsurf currently supports PAT authentication only.

### Direct SSE Configuration

> Windsurf supports SSE servers with a `serverUrl` field:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Windsurf supports Streamable HTTP servers with a `serverUrl` field:
```
